README.md, before:

# ssbpm.info

An informational website about the premier [Super Smash Bros. Brawl](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Super_Smash_Bros._Brawl) modification "[Project M](https://www.ssbwiki.com/Project_M)".

This website features most prominently a detailed but user-friendly guide on installing the modification on PAL [Nintendo Wii](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wii) systems (Europe & Australia).

## Getting Started

### [Click here to visit the live version of the website](http://ssbpm.info)

Currently the website is hosted for free on bplaced.net.

The domain ssbpm.info is being provided and paid by waffeln.

## Built With

* [jQuery](https://github.com/jquery/jquery) 3.1.1
* [Bootstrap](https://github.com/twbs/bootstrap) 4.1.1

## Contributing

Details on contribution will follow soon(tm).

## Authors

* **[waffeln](https://twitter.com/wffln)** - *Head maintainer*
* **[Titibandit](https://twitter.com/TheTitibandit)** - *Founder and contributor*

## License

This project is licensed under the GNU Lesser General Public License version 3 - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details

Commit message:

updated master meta, gitignore, md files etc.

README.md, after:

# ssbpm.info

An informational website about the premier [Super Smash Bros. Brawl](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Super_Smash_Bros._Brawl) modification "[Project M](https://www.ssbwiki.com/Project_M)".

This website features most prominently a detailed but user-friendly guide on installing the modification on PAL [Nintendo Wii](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wii) systems (Europe & Australia).

## Getting Started

### [Click here to visit the live version of the website](http://ssbpm.info)

Currently the website is hosted for free on bplaced.net.

The domain ssbpm.info is being provided and paid by waffeln.

## How to run the website on your computer

As of right now the current development version is in the 'betterphp' branch. So either clone the repo and checkout that branch or switch to the branch in the browser and download a ZIP.

Then download [XAMPP](https://www.apachefriends.org/) and either put the contents of the webpage into C:\xampp\htdocs so that the README.md sits in that folder
or
open the httpd.conf in XAMPP and change the document root directory to the folder where the README.md is.

[image]

**Don't want to clone the repo / Don't like Git?**
No problem, we'll gladly provide you with the language files and versions, but you won't be able to see how it looks on the page until you submit it back to someone with push access to the repo.

## Built With

* [jQuery](https://github.com/jquery/jquery) 3.1.1
* [Bootstrap](https://github.com/twbs/bootstrap) 4.1.1

## Contributing

Details on contribution will follow soon(tm).

## Authors

* **[waffeln](https://twitter.com/wffln)** - *Head maintainer*
* **[Titibandit](https://twitter.com/TheTitibandit)** - *Founder and contributor*

## License

This project is licensed under the GNU Lesser General Public License version 3 - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details
